Add noble migration instructions (#632)
freedomofpress/securedrop-docs: docs/admin/maintenance/noble_migration.rst

Ubuntu 24.04 (Noble) migration
==============================

SecureDrops need to be upgraded to the newer Ubuntu 24.04 (Noble)
operating system. This process is far simpler than past upgrades
as it has been fully automated.

> Administrators have two options:
> 
> * **semi-automated**: Administrators will manually trigger the upgrade and observe the process.
> * **fully automated**: The SecureDrop team will push an update in mid- to late-March that automatically
>   begins the upgrade process on all servers.
> 
> The fully automated upgrade is the simplest option, as it requires no action on your part.
> 
> We recommend the semi-automated upgrade for larger instances or if you have a non-standard setup as
> the upgrade will happen whenever you choose it, so you will already be available in case something goes
> wrong during the process.
> 
> Timeline
> --------
> 
> Administrators have until March 21, 2025 to perform a semi-automated upgrade, if you want to.
> After that, the SecureDrop team will push an update that begins fully automated upgrades.

Reviewer: I found myself going back and forth between the options and the timeline to cross-reference them.  That makes me wonder if they'll be clearer combined rather than separate.  That would also mean only one place to be strict about "can" versus "will" and "before" versus "after" (unless I've misunderstood them myself :-).

What do you two think of this?

```suggestion
Administrators have two options, on the following timeline:

* **semi-automated (through March 21, 2025):** Administrators can manually trigger the upgrade and observe the process.
* **fully automated (after March 21, 2025):** The SecureDrop team will push an update in mid- to late-March that automatically
  begins the upgrade process on all servers.

The fully automated upgrade is the simplest option, as it requires no action on your part.

We recommend the semi-automated upgrade for larger instances or if you have a non-standard setup as
the upgrade will happen whenever you choose it, so you will already be available in case something goes
wrong during the process.
```

Author: Thanks, I like it. I made one slight adjustment to remove the parenthesis around the dates since it's key information and not an aside.
